! " # $ % & ' ( ) * + , - . / 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 : ; < = > ? @ A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y
Z [ \ ] ^ _ ` a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z { | } ~

-As I already stated above I don't care about "acceptance" of an argument or the plan or counterplan or the 'judge' voting con or pro or the "underview" or the resolution. I just joined this site a few weeks ago and am interested in the philosophical reason why people believe something and want to know if they can back up their argument with sound reasoning. I don't care who "wins" rounds. -You keep saying I changed my original argument. First off, I don't think I did because I say in my original argument the following things "..if you refuse to get out of a vehicle" and "Tasers should only be used to protect the police or the public if they are in immediate and direct physical harm (e.g. somebody raising a gun or fist to hit them)" and "Non violence should not be met with violence" All of those things suggest the person is not fighting or hitting or shooting the cops. -You keep saying how lifting somebody out of a vehicle is such a bad option and how tasering is so much better otherwise shooting the person to death is all that is left. You say tasering immediately subudes; lowers the possibilty of further injury, deters further resistance, increases the control of the state, reduces the crime rate, is a suitable punishment and is effective. As I said before it may be the EASIEST option for the cops, but it does not take into the affect on the person receiving the tase. I find it funny how you talk about how lifting somebody up can injure somebody but in the same breath say "...tasering does not lead to death IN THE MAJORITY OF CASES..." That should tell you right there that is is harmful if it has the potential for death (even in the minority of cases) How often has somebody died from getting picked up? Take that and compare it to the number of taser deaths. Then you want to talk about control of the state suitable punishment and all that. Remember, all this person has done is refuse to comply with the cops orders to stand up instead of sit down or move from here to there, it should not be grounds to shock the hell out of them and it is not harmless. As I said in my last round which you have failed to address" "I think if you poll 100 people, most if not all would say they would rather get forcefully lifted up than have 100,000 jolts of electricity forced through their body so a taser is not the least aggressive method." The fact that most people would prefer being lifted should also give credence to the fact that tasering is not the best option. So don't tell me I "....haven't given any reason why tasering itself is actually worse than lifting." There are two reasons you just ignored: it can and has KILLED people and most polled peopled would prefer lifting to tasering. Don't ignore those reasons this time. -Lifting somebody out of the vehicle is a viable option. What do you think they did before they had tasers? The reason I suggest they call for backup is because some people are heavy and it may require more than one person. Have you ever moved to a new house and had to lift a large object like a couch. It is easier with two people and not just 1, right? Do you understand that? It is called physics. that is why the 'MORE THE MERRIER' It is also good to have more than 1 cop there because if the person resists it is better in case the person does start to hit the cops, they can actually subdue the person and may have to taser them because at that point they care causing physical harm. Even if lifting somebody out of a car usually leave to a physical fight, people have a right to not be shocked until they actually start fighting. That is called serving the people and not controlling the people. It is the job cops signed up for. The might get into physical confrontations. The person did not sign up for that (and are not getting paid) even if they are not listening because that is all they are doing at that point is not listening. As I said before "Non violence should not be met with violence" Just like if somebody was protesting and blocking traffic or an entrance to a building you don't just say "lets tase them because that is is easier than moving them." -You say I concede the effectiveness of tasers. Sure, they are effective and increase control and deter resistance and are punishment, etc. But using that logic a bullet to the head would be more effective and a bomb even more effective and so on. So it is not simply about the 'EFFECTIVENESS' -Lastly you go on about a presidential executive order, global warming, and all this other nonsense about legislation that really isn't relevant

The word 'main' as used in the debate heading presents the position that humanity's contribution to global warming is greater in magnitude than any other factor. The definition of 'main' could be explained as: chief or principal in rank, importance, size, etc. Therefore, Pro must prove that the human portion is in fact the largest of factors. Of course, the human portion needn't be greater than 50% of the total effect if there are multiple elements/factors at play. I also agree that it is more than possible that human activities could affect, change or initiate natural processes, but again, that would have to be quantified (what portion of a natural system has been altered by human elements versus natural change). Natural and human effect can be intertwined and extremely complicated, if not impossible to differentiate and separate. This is referred to as the "attribution of recent climate change". I will reference the following scholarly article: https://gfdl.noaa.gov... "Detection and Attribution of Recent Climate Change: A Status Report". The authors make several important conclusions in this comprehensive study: "Greenhouse warming alone is insufficient to explain the observed pattern of climate change." and "The most probable cause of the observed warming is a combination of internally and externally forced natural variability and anthropogenic sources (see also Tett et al. 1999). But given the large model uncertainties and limited data, a reliable weighting of the different factors contributing to the observed climate change cannot currently be given. In short, we cannot attribute, at this time, with a high level of statistical significance, the observed changes in global and large-scale regional climate to anthropogenic forcing alone.". This research contradicts Pro's assertion that human causes are definitively more important than natural ones. In addition, to say that our current warming trend was caused solely by the industrial age based on the chart I presented (in round 3) would be to dismiss the fact that the sharp rebound from the Little Ice Age and commencement of our current warming trend (1600-) was initiated and occurred well before human activity was a relevant factor. I agree with much of the content contained within the two sites referenced by pro, but none of them contains information that establishes that human activity plays a greater role than natural variability. The CO2 now website asserts that "The human impact on climate during this era greatly exceeds that due to known changes in natural processes, such as solar changes and volcanic eruptions." and lists several of the unique contributions and circumstances associated with human activity and greenhouse gasses. It also states that "the radiative forcing from human activities is much more important for current and future climate change than the estimated radiative forcing from changes in natural processes." These are grand statements, but there is no attempt to quantify them unlike the formal research document I presented above (which contradicts these sites). There is also no mention on Pro's sites of the fact that our current warming period was initiated well before the industrial age and human influence by natural forces. Even the IPCC continues to protect its reputation by using vague terms such as "...likely" regarding the position of humanity's "...dominant role in global warming". I acknowledge that we currently are experiencing global warming. For those who lived in 1100 BC and 1300 AD, they also experienced global warming on a larger scale than we do today, even though human activity had little correlation to that warming. Thus, to say that Global Warming is unique to the industrial age is false. It is also very likely that scientists will one day be able to prove/quantify what portion of Human Activity is attributable to global warming. Presently, it is not possible as my opponent acknowledges. This is why no scientist(s) or scientific body has declared a victory on this issue (A quantified attribution of recent climate change). In fact, a very large amount of money and large amount of research continues to be spent on this very issue because it has yet to be proved or resolved. I also agree that the current warming period presented on the on the chart I referenced is abrupt and is likely a reflection of the influence of human activity. Being that this warming period has yet to exceed several recent warming periods in effect and duration, we need more time in order to be able to place our current warming period into the context of other prior larger warming periods. It is simply premature to state definitively that human activity is the main factor in global warming. My statement is reflected in the current feverish rate of research being performed into the Attribution of Recent Climate Change. If a definitive conclusion had been reached, this research would not be needed to such a degree. Keep in mind, that I am not advocating that humanity should not take responsibility towards reducing our greenhouse gas emissions; quite the contrary.

Unfortunately, most of Con's wall of text is irrelevant to the discussion. Instead of writing 3 paragraphs, those 3 paragraphs could have been summarized as: "It is logical to assume from keli's profile that he lives in the usa. The usa has rights that other countries don't have; in other countries they aren't free to choose the clothes they wear, for example. Over time the US has evolved from its archaic thinking and has accepted the practice of killing of humans for various reasons: genocide, where he cites an article by ruth which is actually true: poor people SHOULD have abortions over children because they cannot afford to support children. Rather than focusing on just the negatives as con likes to, ruth considers both the positves AND the negatives. In other words, ruth is smart enough to realize that poor people have enough struggles as is; the last thing they need is another life to take care of. Then con goes on to say: "What brings into question is the morality factor concerning the tyranny of government to enslave a segment of society to support the convenience of others to do what they want with their "body."" No, just the opposite is true, actually. You want the tyranny government to force YOUR beliefs onto women and TELL them what to do with their own body. If YOU want to not have an abortion, you have that right, unlike in China where you are only allowed 1 kid per family. (It's now kids per family, but same concept.) https://en.wikipedia.org... "Because money encourages freedom, the bio-program of our "unalienable Rights" provides reason to desire its accumulation. It is hard to deny the powerful effects of money on the perception of freedom; and even harder to deny its potential effects on morality and power, including social manipulation by the institution of government through taxation. In other words, taxing me to support abortion clinics is tyrannically taking a part of my freedom (money) away, effectively enslaving me to support the killing of humans, which I find immorally disgusting. " Ah, but on the contrary, making ME pay for babies that YOU cannot afford to support is disgusting. Maybe you should be having more abortions instead? And furthermore, you keep citing the cost of "having to pay for other people to choose..." yes...and don't you think that I'm paying FAR MORE for POOR PEOPLE to choose to have babies when they should be having abortions instead? Yet, YOU and POOR people are STILL free to have babies and force ME to pay part of the 250-350k to support them. As stated above, abortion is accepted because a woman has the right to choose what she wants to do with her body. The fetus needs the body of the mother to survive. If human A needs a part of human B to survive, e.g. a kidney transplant, it is entirely up to human B whether or not he wants to give human A a kidney. Even if human B is dying and his kidneys will rot with him, he decides what to do with his own body. Even if human A's life is at stake and human B's life is already over, with rotting kidney's, it's still human B's right to choose what to do with his dead body. Is this considered murder? No, of course it's not. Is it a little douchey? Perhaps. Is it acceptable? Yes, a person has the right to do whatever he wants with his body. If the fetus can survive on its own, then abortion is more of an up in the air debate. However, if the fetus needs the mother's body (which it does), abortion comes down to the simple principal of a woman has the right to choose what she wants to do with her body. By letting the fetus control a woman's body, you are granting a fetus rights to someone else's body. No one has rights to anyone's body but that person. Period A fetus needs a mother's body to survive. If the mother does not want to let the fetus use her body, it doesn't have to. The fetus is a part of a parasitic relationship; although its body is affected, it's using the body of the mother to survive.

You have not refuted any of my objections. You essentially agreed with my refutations. Let me address your round 3 argument using the same headings you did. Objective Morality Your quarrel with my definition of sound is unwarranted. If something is sufficient and reasonable, it can also be reliable. Indeed both "based on reason" and "reliable" are within the definition domain (https://www.google.com...). So there is no confusion on my part. In either case, you have not addressed your own resolution even given your specified definition of "sound" as I will show. You say, "My opponent is correct in stating that I hold to a relativist approach to morality. Despite this, I do not see morality by means of natural selection to be prohibiting of explaining how we arrived at our moral intuitions. Indeed, we have no objective standard by which to judge them, though this does not necessarily invalidate the concept of evolved morality." Not only do you agree with me, but you offer no rebuttal. Just saying you do not "see" morality by means of natural selection to be prohibiting of explaining how we arrived at our moral intuitions does not equate to evidence or a refutation. Natural Selection Your appeal to majority is quite silly. In the 1600s, Galileo gathered evidence which refuted geocentrism and supported heliocentrism. Most people in the world at that time accepted geocentrism or the Tychonic system (essentially geocentrism). The Roman Catholic Church was the academic authority at this time and his findings seemed to refute their ideas of astronomy, so they persecuted him and sentenced him to life under house arrest (http://en.wikipedia.org...). The point to be made here, as you surely know, is that majority can often be horribly wrong. Then there was only a handful of scientists who opposed geocentrism. Today hundreds of scientists oppose Neo-Darwinism and accept biblical creationism (http://creation.com...), and even more are suspicious of its true mechanistic capabilities of macro-changes (http://www.discovery.org...). The answer to your question of how so many can misinterpret the evidence is actually quite simple. Lets say you are a young Richard Dawkins living in Northamptonshire, England attending a school which teaches only the theory of evolution as the explanation for all living organisms today. As you learn, you naturally have questions which unsurprisingly your Sunday school teacher is unprepared to answer. As you mature, you begin to realize church teaches "bible stories" whereas public school teaches "science." Since in the case of Dawkins the church actually accepts evolution, there is no reason to reject it. But when he begins studying in college and the university, surely it is here where he should have rigorously scrutinized the theory especially at the point of its mechanistic power for macro-changes. Had he done this he would have found that Neo-Darwinian evolution fails, but he would have also been ostracized by his peers and colleagues for taking such a position. So that is the answer to you question: a one-sided education, and peer-pressure. But let us consider your reliance upon natural selection for your acceptance of naturalism a little more carefully. I must first point out that you did not address my statement from round 2, "Natural selection only works to select from what is already present in the genome, it does not and cannot add anything new. Unless you cite a mechanism which demonstrably can change a scale into a feather over time, your whole argument is invalid." You have not addressed this crucial point. Since you are arguing for morality based on naturalism, surely you must provide a working model in which we can base our acceptance of naturalism? Let me remind you of your statement, "Our search for naturalistic explanations finds solace in Darwin's mechanism of natural selection." No evolutionist understanding of biology, genetics, etc. would make such a statement. Natural selection is not the singular mechanism required for evolution. While your argument is about morality, since you made this part of your argument, you must provide demonstrable support for naturalistic explanation. Reciprocal Altruism Let me spell this out for you clearly because I fear it might be so simple as to easily glance over it. You argued for "reciprocal altruism," not altruism alone. This necessitates the restriction to scenarios in which there will be a direct reciprocation. With that said let us move one. You say, "I invite my opponent to recognise how these altruistic traits could evolve into the basic principles that we accommodate today: love your children, be charitable and act with integrity." Inviting me to recognize your position is tantamount to asking me to read into your argument the evidence which is not there. Answer this for me and you will have made a big stride in the way of providing support for your argument, how could 'these altruistic traits' evolve into the basic principals we accommodate today? Morality in Survival You concede to my point that morality is subject to one's opinion without an objective moral standard, yet you still do not provide any support for how an intuitive human morality can derive from natural selection. You also did not answer my question, "Why should survival be good?" In fact, why do animals strive for survival at all? In a naturalist perspective it doesn't make much sense, but in a biblical creationist perspective it does. God created animals which would, ". . .breed abundantly in the earth, and be fruitful, and multiply upon the earth" (Genesis 8:17). Problems with Relativism You say, "Who is to say that Hitler was wrong in exterminating the Jews? I appeal to my empathy in matters like these." You cannot appeal to a moral judgment to explain morality. Empathy cannot be an answer to the question unless you are implying a certain moral response as a derivative of your empathetic cognition. You say, "Over the centuries of human civilisation, we have developed ideas of equality and justice." What ideas? The "ideas" America was founded on are derived from the Bible, so I hope you are not referring to these. You make these statements and yet provide no support for them. The fact that you have some kind of response to my rebuttals does not equate to providing support for your defense. For example, if you say God cannot exist because of x, and I say well God does exist because of y, I have not addressed x and therefore have not supported my defense. But you don't even provide y, you just make unsupported statements. Your most telling statement is when you say, "Thus, we are guided by our moral conscience. Due to shared objectives in natural selection, it is not surprising that our moral principles are similar to those in our culture." Moral conscience! Now you are admitting to a moral conscience? But of course you state this conscience is derived from natural selection, yet again, you do not provide any support. As stated before the Bible gives a perfectly sound reason for our moral intuitions: we are made in the image of God, and His law has been written in our heart, as our conscience bears witness to it. Conclusion As stated before there was no confusion on the definition of "sound." You have refuted nothing. I have already provided coherent rebuttals against your relativistic morality derived from natural selection. I believe there are better arguments for your position of which even I can think of, but based solely on what you provided, we cannot reasonably, logically, or rationally conclude that naturalism is a sound explanation for our morality (or moral conscience as you say). I hope you recognize the absence of support in your argument and provide some for which I may address, else we must concede that you cannot demonstrably address the resolution. Thanks :)

superman lost to batman aquaman and muhammad ali goku would beat him #LanternCanWhupSuperman To Summarize my argument Goku is a born fighter, and has the power, speed and strength to take down Superman. Gokus techniques such as Ki blasts and Maniuplation, Instant Transmission, Combat sense, the Dragon Fist, and Telekensis trump Superman's abilites. Goku's destructive power is insane, and rivaled by cosmic beings and God's. Goku can blow up planets with ease, and could blow up a large portion of the Galaxy at full power SSJ3. Superman has never come close to that power. When Goku can use Ki to bolster there already insane hitting power, Goku literally shakes the planet by the shockwaves his punches produces. Goku's combat speed and Instant Transmission are way beyond Superman's level, showing how in base he can go FTL the Super Sayain forms would be even faster. In a fight, combat speed Goku is unmatched. http://static.comicvine.com... gotanks flyig around the earth in seconds http://img819.imageshack.us... and goku fought on par with buu Goku martial arts and fighting techniques completely surpass Superman. Frieza can survive Namek exploding with his body chopped in half, SSJ Goku can do it easily. http://img687.imageshack.us... Combined these factors and it concludes to Goku beating Superman. Anything at SSj2 level or above is enough to put down Superman. Goku is a galaxy buster - but while it's never shown him destroying Galaxies, it's been stated by many characters that he and his (later) enemies could destroy whole Galaxies. What we do know for a fact however, is that Goku could destroy planets easily in ANY form; goku http://img704.imageshack.us... cell http://i1071.photobucket.com... Combat skill. While some writers have attempted to give Superman some training in martial arts, his fighting style is still primarily that of a brawler. It would be a huge stretch to call Superman an "expert" at martial arts (although some would argue that). In any event, Goku has a tremendous advantage in terms of technique over Superman * Combat speed. Pretty much all combat in DBZ (and the whole second half of the original as well) is portrayed at occuring at hyper speeds. The exact upper limit on just how fast is not really explored, but considering that most characters display the ability to dematerialize to move faster than would otherwise be physically possible, it's not unreasonable to believe it could reach light speeds. as in will show The entire fight occurs at those speeds. Superman, on the other hand, has shown mostly straight ahead attacks when speed blitzing. While it's understandable that some will think Superman has the speed advantage, in my estimation at short range Goku has a sizable advantage-- even against the mighty Silver Age Superman. Superman cannot react and fight at the speed he travels, this is constantly shown throughout the comics. Failing to catch minigun fire. http://img407.imageshack.us... http://img23.imageshack.us... * Energy projection. Goku has matched energy against beings who have shown the power to destroy worlds (some of them effortlessly) and gone millions of times beyond that inner power level. Whether that translates into millions of times that output or not is unclear, but assuming a small scale increase in output, Goku would still be capable of destroying pretty much any size world. This level of destructive force should be too great for Post-Crisis or even Modern Age Superman. Combat skill. While some writers have attempted to give Superman some training in martial arts, his fighting style is still primarily that of a brawler. It would be a huge stretch to call Superman an "expert" at martial arts (although some would argue that). In any event, Goku has a tremendous advantage in terms of technique over Superman Superman's heat ray vision does not compare favorably. * Energy sense. Goku is able to repress his power signature and evade detection. Superman has shown no such power. Goku would be warned of any sneak attack. * Dematerializing and Instant Transmission. Goku has repeatedly used this in combat to gain advantage or take away an opponent's advantage. It even works to negate Goku's greater than light speed long distance travel advantage. Ki Sense is the ability to detect a person's Ki from great distances. Goku can detect people across the planet with ease. Now it is unsure whether Goku would detect Superman's KI, but Ki is living aura, everyone has it. The average human has a Power Level of 5, and Goku could sense other alies from across the Galaxy. So sensing Superman's Ki wouldn't be any different. Also Superman can detect Goku with enhanced sense, so there would be no hiding on ether side. (Not that they would want to) Was able to pinpoint Bulma's KI out of billions of people on Earth http://imagizer.imageshack.us... Additional Details, Saiyans CAN survive in space, reference Vegeta and Nappa destroying the planet Arlia from outer space. Goku could use the Spirit Bombalso the sprit bomb cam kill any thing instant Tranmission Goku's most versatile techniques. It's teleportation that can be used for multiple effects. It's so fast Goku can travel across the Galaxy and hit Namek in an instant. Now lets see The ship tog et to Namek img88.imageshack.us/img88/552/flytojupiter.jpg img684.imageshack.us/img684/3143/flytojupiter2.jpg img18.imageshack.us/img18/5880/flytojupiter3.jpg It took the Spaceship a couple of seconds to reach Jupiter and it takes light 32-54 minutes to reach Juptier from Earth. Therefore the Spaceship >>>>>>>>>> faster then Light Speed Travel And Since it took the ship over 10 days to get to Namek, and Goku traveled to Namek in an instant, from King kai's planet. Using the Instant Tranmission to travel across the galaxy, and between dimensons to Namek. His Instant Transmission speed is thousands of times faster then light, and can be used to cross dimensions between living and dead. This would be a huge factor and requires little to no Ki. Goku has trained to use it without putting a finger to his head. goku can draw power from the sun the same as superman also superman had help to move the planet and could only move it a bit with the JL with no help superman could not move it superman is weaker as his powers are from the sun a near infinite power source that goku could destroy even with the sun superman is no mach for goku superman is unable to destrory the earth with out the power of the sun while goku could with his own power superman has no combat ability and was beat by an non power karate kid even with the power of the sun And considering that the Earth"s atmosphere reflects and absorbs 2/3rds of all solar radiation Superman should only be capable of on the of have of what he would be able to do in space superman great feat of moveing 1/3 of the earth with the jla even in space still the only way superman could even stand a close to goku The IMP is an ability granted by the Speed Force and utilizing its power. As the flash called it, he's accessing speed heaven. The speed force is what allows the flash to run at light speed and protects him from the affects of moving that fast. Superman's strength comes from the sun, which is big an pretty much infinite, but there is only so much of that energy he can store in himself, even after a sundip. He has an upper limit. The Flash's relativistic punches come from E = MC". C is constant. And considering that the Flash can go faster than light, E is essentially infinite, making his mass and thus the power of his punch also infinite. In other words. Superman can punch really hard, and he can fly really fast, but his power is instant. He can't move fast enough to stop time, but the flash can. The flashs punch strength with the IMP is infinite. Superman could certainly do a speed strike, which is using the speed of travel to increase the mass of the punch, but he can't do the infinite mass punch because his power Is limited. The flash has access to the infinite speed force. http://static.comicvine.com... busting a dark moon almost killed him the question is who is faster goku or superman how fast is goku lets look http://static.comicvine.com... something to be truly invisible to the human eye it would have to be moving at the speed of light. http://www.youtube.com...

My opponent as the pro side carries the burden of proof. He has given some points out, but has not given any proofs for these ideas nor has he given and sources for his information. However, I will look past these for now but ask my opponent to state sources when statistics are given. One more thing though, this "speech" of yours seems copied from somewhere and thus seems highly strange. My opponent claims that war memorials would cause post traumatic stress disorder and that it is the war memorial and not the war that causes this. According to [1], the disorder is often caused by overwhelming life experiences. War can cause these experiences but I doubt that simply looking at a war memorial would cause these experiences. I believe that one way of treating this disorder is to explore these memories and instead accept the truth instead of trying to forget it. Secondly, my opponent claims that we have focused on how war memorials glorify war. (?????) I must ask my opponent where he got this tidbit of information because acceding to [2], most modern war memorials commemorate those who died or were injured; regardless of what side they were on. Thus I disagree that war memorials glorify war. I agree with my opponent that post traumatic stress is bad for the child. However, until my opponent manages to prove that war memorials CAUSE this post traumatic stress then I do not have to refute this point. Again my opponent makes it false claim that memories caused by war memorials causes the veteran to have a harder time recovering. He has yet to claim a source for this. Also in [2], it mentions that after WW1 pacifist war memorials and the anger that the veterans expressed when they saw them. Most war memorials are not pacifist This completely refutes the point that war memorials are detrimental to a veteran's mental health. Finally, my opponent claims that war memorials cause cultural conflicts. According to [2], modern war memorials are erected to commemorate those who died in a war. I do not see how commemorating those who died in a conflict would cause a cultural conflict since it does not even say who won or lost, nor does it glorify the war. My opponent has failed to provide any real points that have been supported on why war memorials cause more good than harm. He makes many assumptions such as the fact that war memorials cause post traumatic stress, that war memorials glorify war (modern ones), all of which have been refuted. I will make my points in round 2, because the character limit is preventing me from making points that I want to fully develop. [1] http://helpguide.org... [2] http://en.wikipedia.org... -Thank you